README.md, before:

# Game Animation Sample with Overlay Layering

## Introduction

Advanced Locomotion System (ALS) provides a nice Overlay System that allows us to alter the entire locomotion animation just by applying simple overlay poses. 
This project integrates the ALS Overlay Layering System into the new Unreal Engine Motion Matching Game Animation Sample.

## Features

- Game Animation Sample
- Overlay layering system built with separate Anim Graphs and Linked Layers
- All overlays from ALS
- Basic weapon attach system from ALS
- Basic overlay switcher widget from ALS
- Removed Echo and Twinblast characters and Manny/Quinn 4k textures to lower project size

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! I hope that, with the help of the community, we can turn this into a next-gen fully featured locomotion system. 

Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/your-feature`).
6. Open a pull request.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding and naming standards.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For questions, suggestions, or feedback, please contact:

- Anas EL FERACHI - [anas@polygonhive.com](mailto:anas@polygonhive.com)

---

Thanks for checking out the project! I hope it helps you create amazing games.

Commit message:

Update readme file with YouTube channel

README.md, after:

# Game Animation Sample with Overlay Layering

## Introduction

Advanced Locomotion System (ALS) provides a nice Overlay System that allows us to alter the entire locomotion animation just by applying simple overlay poses. 
This project integrates the ALS Overlay Layering System into the new Unreal Engine Motion Matching Game Animation Sample.

## Features

- Game Animation Sample
- Overlay layering system built with separate Anim Graphs and Linked Layers
- All overlays from ALS
- Basic weapon attach system from ALS
- Basic overlay switcher widget from ALS
- Removed Echo and Twinblast characters and Manny/Quinn 4k textures to lower project size

## Overview

An overview of the system is available on my YouTube channel [Polygon Hive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDWNfIqvWBk&list=PLs9e0eJQMI2aaulgKJzC8feN1UEwDkEnq)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! I hope that, with the help of the community, we can turn this into a next-gen fully featured locomotion system. 

Please follow these steps to contribute:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/your-feature`).
6. Open a pull request.

Please ensure your code follows the project's coding and naming standards.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

## Contact

For questions, suggestions, or feedback, please contact:

- Anas EL FERACHI - [anas@polygonhive.com](mailto:anas@polygonhive.com)

---

Thanks for checking out the project! I hope it helps you create amazing games.
